RHIDP-1925 bulk import from GitHub (#616)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: assemblies/assembly-bulk-importing-from-github.adoc

> = Bulk Import GitHub repositories

Author: ```suggestion
= Bulk importing GitHub repositories
```

> = Bulk Import GitHub repositories

Author: Done

> Bulk Import is a {company-name} *Tech Preview* feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bulk Import is a https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview[{company-name} *Tech Preview*] feature.
```

I think it might help to link to the Support pages for a better understanding of the support scope.

> Bulk Import is a https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview[{company-name} *Tech Preview*] feature.

Author: ```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
====
This is a https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview/[Technology Preview] feature.
====
```

It allows you to automate GitHub repositories onboarding and track their import status.

include::modules/importing-repositories/procedure-enabling-the-bulk-import-from-github-feature.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/importing-repositories/procedure-importing-multiple-repositories-from-github.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/importing-repositories/procedure-managing-the-imported-repository-list.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/importing-repositories/procedure-understanding-bulk-import-audit-logs.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> include::modules/importing-repositories/procedure-understanding-bulk-import-limitations.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Author: ```suggestion
```

> = Bulk importing GitHub repositories

Author: ```suggestion
[id="bulk-importing-github-repositories"]
= Bulk importing GitHub repositories
```

[IMPORTANT]
====
This is a https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview/[Technology Preview] feature.
====

> It allows you to automate GitHub repositories onboarding and track their import status.

Author: ```suggestion
{product} can automate GitHub repositories onboarding and track their import status.
```

[id="bulk-importing-github-repositories"]
= Bulk importing GitHub repositories

> [IMPORTANT]

Reviewer 2: @themr0c The technology preview note has been added as follows. I would suggest we keep it consistent.
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/356fa14b-6f97-437f-9567-e1d6a0239d96)
